docs: [IAC-2005]: Update IaCM onboarding (#6850)
harness/developer-hub: docs/infra-as-code-management/get-started/onboarding-guide.md

Go to [Terraform Documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro) or [OpenTofu Documentation](https://opentofu.org/docs/) for more information on currently supported Workspace types. 

## Create a workspace

A workspace is essentially a named environment or container that stores your Terraform configurations, variables, states, and other resources necessary to manage infrastructure. 

One of the fundamental pieces of the Workspace creation step is to configure a connection to your Cloud Provider and Code Repository through **Connectors** so it can compare the current and expected state of your infrastructure, and apply infrastructure updates when required via your Harness IaCM pipelines.

:::info
Harness recommends configuring your connector before creating your workspace, however, you can also add new connectors during the [Create Workspace flow](https://developer.harness.io/docs/infra-as-code-management/get-started/onboarding-guide#add-a-new-workspace).
:::

## Add connectors

> To configure your connectors before you proceed in creating a Workspace see the following interactive guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your connectors before you create a Workspace, go to the following interactive guides:
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

---

## Add a new workspace

> Once you have configured your connectors you can create a Workspace a select them in the New Workspace panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured your connectors, you can create a Workspace and select them in the New Workspace panel:
```
